so now we have the black rapid
Body 7 camera belt and although sign of
characterized by being a very thin one
but comfortable pad on the
blame ergonomically ergonomically shaped
the whole and the typical fast
Camera access via the over
diagonal over which the original stand
good here
I'll show you how to do it now
the camera attaches as the system with
individual works the body has
the advantage that you have different
industries can bring up too much
ten different sizes for
smartphones for larger smartphones for
small batteries then I'll show you too
another important accessory and that is
that is the stabilizer that drives you
The attach that is there for the good
to stabilize under the arm
when cycling there is still
optionally now a wrist strap around
to switch quickly between
Camera and handshake will be the one
strap off click on the men's sleep
I'll say that again
then there is a theft protection
special he protect with steel is the
man at the rear of the strap can attach
and for people with static
There are also accessories in accessories
still for motors for arca swiss
special accessories so that you can directly
the quick release plate is good for the camera
The big advantage can be attached
some of the credit camera is golden
that the straps are not up here at the
straps are attached but below
the tripod screw and thereby one has
here, for example, when photographing no word
more about the hand dangling
maybe even sticking out into the picture
you bring the mountain webcode with this
that is a very stable one
system that has shit okay that again
what textile could we have
take the new as the holes
so the special to a blackberry ans
ear
the special on a board camera
it was that they were down at
be attached to the tripod thread
that has the advantage that you can not do more
about the wrist any good
away the plants are the objective
you can enter attached link entirely
just about this phase of the camera
adapter is of course
scope of delivery included
it's so small on the back
recess the senate under pressure in
So that's what rubber really does
get stuck first purely on tight
screw and I'll still take it
once the carabiners of jan is well off
to really screw it down then
sits bombproof there you can too
serious profi cameras 1d mark something
everything is objective with 17 200 l
no problem that holds the whole
system out of what's new now
optional accessory is the black
rabbit hand loop because for me
one of the biggest advantages of the board web
it system the camera at any time
can lose weight again
and now you have the new one
Wrist strap also the possibility
quickly to sleep
I like to do that around wendy
street photography says that here
Carry camera over the wrist strap or
take pictures so that I can stop
does not fall over the possesses
Wrist strap for me a very
useful accessory for people with the
There is also a tripod
optional to buy manfrotto tripod
plates there is a small special woman
the one through the quick release plate
from manfrotto by screwing and also
Here you can then the strap in the bar
Clicking on this bar is especially for
black rabbit cameraman made and
that also holds for heavy cameras
for people who are compatible with ak swiss
Static work there is a tripod
plate of catcher is so this
not from black rabbit itself this
people from the pik design have this sap
Represents found and have the latest
also capturing with a clip
equipped which one can use
click here the belt 1 of black
rabbit the hero also has heavy cameras
so that it is for these two
possibilities really a good solution
there is the latte then stay tuned and in
The citizens click the belt
clicked out if you like that
the camera tripod puts you now
again a special feature all the work
rapid-kamereten have the
have the so-called stopper year
are the bumper 1 rear 1 front
that is, if not now
you photographed both round and
the camera just can not build away
If you walk, she would be here otherwise
swinging so high what can hold everything
do not happen when you take pictures
you make the front band was after
Above one says photographed stays well in
where he is
when photographing the highly visible
how to move backwards you can
He asked them over the back bench here
is back in position with the carabiner
pull and then there is the optional
so-called forearm step one here
It can be fastened to the belt again
so here then back and then
he is well fixed under his arm and can
do not move here anymore
that makes sense if you firstly
so that the camera would like to run when you
bike finished or similar maybe
even doing sports activities and
because you can namely the rear bank
are still back wrote the camera
also with the second ball on the back
It seemed that everyone was back
can not prove
people that was here then you sit
The camera remains fixed, so to speak behind
At the back that's just on the bike
meaningful
I have been together since I hang here
can and can go if you are now
traveling in areas where there are problems
with theft you can give here completely
Simply he protect option to
Buy what I think nice that is
so that you can buy that optional
because I always need a steel cable
the girth but if you answer is where
you need it, you just do it
behind a camera strap over the
river and wants to top it are trapped
and then you have no chances
the will by allegedly thinks
cut or something similar and I will
now the three for you
bags show I'll be one
Attachment to the strap I say that
right now in the current
session the one on black rabbit
though the body can attach one though
special because he also special for
It is designed to dominate this
This theory gives 1 2 and 3 in
different sizes I have one
attached and indeed over this small
evil here for that wants the loop
appropriate if you have more than one bag
you can also need one here
second because already the third install
simply by going here the course
Opens the bag to sleep over it
and then the bags are attached what
I also really like that one the
bags do not always have to
So you do not need it you take it
again so it is not built-in
the bag but you really can
Optionally match